Previously on "Beyond"...
HOLDEN: I've been having these visions.
I think it's connected to the Realm.
- LUKE: It's a freezer.
- I've seen this before.
I need to find Holden Matthews.
"Property of Edgar Abbot."
Maybe he'll have a key for this padlock.
You owe Jay $2,000?
LUKE: Riley's debt is now my debt.
You're Jay?
(GRUNTING, GROANING)
DIEGO: Holden stands in
the way of destiny.
We will destroy everything.
Charlie?
HOLDEN: What are you doing in Fort Reed?
What happened to you after the cabin?
I didn't know if you were alive or dead.
CHARLIE: I'm not dead. Clearly.
(MACHINERY WHIRRING)
♪ ♪
♪ It's over, it's over ♪
♪ It's over now ♪
♪ It's over ♪
♪ That's all there is ♪
♪ No more lonely tears ♪
♪ That's how it is ♪
♪ For now it is over ♪
♪ Every time you broke my heart ♪
♪ I tried to make you see ♪
♪ You were driving us apart ♪
♪ But you only laughed at me ♪
- (ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
- ♪ It's over ♪
♪ The table's turned ♪
♪ And all of the bridges burned ♪
♪ That's how it is ♪
♪ For now it is over ♪
♪ ♪
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(WATER RUNNING)
About time you got up.
Charlie! You stayed.
Oh, um, my mom didn't see you, did she?
Relax.
Bunch of early risers, all except one.
- Yeah.
- I figured I'd let you
sleep off whatever you had.
Plus it gave me time to make breakfast.
You made breakfast?
I made the greatest breakfast.
Okay.
- Can we not stand here anymore or...?
- Yeah.
CHARLIE: It's supposed to have a pinch
of Himalayan pink salt,
but you didn't have any.
So...
What the hell do you
think you're doing?!
Geez! What? You said it needed salt.
I said Himalayan pink salt.
Sorry! Didn't know
salts had origin stories.
Wow.
What'd I tell you?
Jack of all trades,
master of French Toast.
So, why are you in Fort Reed?
- No.
- What?
Next question!
Okay. Um...
Did you come to check on me?
You're not as charming
as you think you are.
Two months of silence,
and you suddenly show up in my town?
Look, I looked for you.
(SIGHS)
I came here on business,
and now it's been put to rest,
so stop asking about it, or I'm gonna
hit you with the frying pan.
Or slam the door in my face.
I'm sorry.
I overreacted.
I didn't expect to see you.
And, well, that's how
you catch a stray door.
Was that, uh, guy part of your business?
(SCOFFS) Who? Honky-tonk man?
Yeah, no.
His hair sure was "purty."
This can't be how you want to spend
my last day in town, can it?
You're leaving? You can't leave!
I can.
Well, you know, there's
so much to catch up on.
Okay. So catch me up then.
Well...
you know, for starters, where'd you go?
Oregon.
Okay, what's in Oregon?
My sister. Annabelle.
She's foster, by law,
but she's more important to me
than anything in the world.
So I was worried that
they'd come for her next.
My turn.
What's with the ropes upstairs?
Are you running a torture porn site?
(LAUGHS SHEEPISHLY)
About that, um...
You know, there's something
I wanna show you.
(TRUCK DOOR CLOSES)
Funny. I keep my severed heads
in a dishwasher in the woods.
There aren't any severed heads in there.
At least I hope not.
You don't know what's inside?
No, but I keep dreaming
about this freezer,
and I sleepwalk into these woods
almost every night.
I think it...
I think it means something.
It means Edgar's milk's gone bad.
(SNICKERS)
Who is he anyway?
Let me guess. You don't know either.
No, but...
Okay, the Bridge I told you about?
The one you blew up.
I'm afraid it didn't fix anything.
I'm afraid I made it worse.
You know what you've made worse?
Your life, by worrying about this.
Bury it in the ground where it belongs.
- Never think about it again.
- I'm meant to open this, okay?
It's all connected.
I touch that lock.
These visions tell me something,
but I-I wake up before
I can see the answer.
So, can you try?
"Ex-squeeze" me?
You were in the Realm.
Maybe you'll see something too.
I'd rather not.
Please. It's making me insane.
And you're making me insane!
If I do this, you promise
it'll shut you up?
Yes, yes! I-I swear!
Okay.
So, it... it zaps me out
for a few minutes,
like I'm disconnected from reality.
I've taken that one before.
♪ ♪
Ramma lamma ding dong.
- What?
- No zap.
Now I need Purell.
Why isn't... oh, come on!
(GRUNTING, YELLING)
(GASPS) Okay! I can't breathe!
Yeah, you weren't moving.
It was freaking me out.
I saw him again.
You saw who?
I don't know. I can only see his hand.
Maybe... maybe that's Edgar.
I think he wants to tell me something
if I could just get him to turn around.
- Where you going?
- Away.
But this is important!
Not to me!
I put the Realm behind me for a reason!
It nearly killed me. I'm not gonna
give it any more than that.
Charlie, wait.
CHARLIE: Catch ya next time
I'm in Kansas.
HOLDEN: Okay. Hold on, I'm coming.
See? It's a test of wills.
Hang or fall.
It's the fight that you put up
that they'll remember you by.
He can climb that thing?
He can't even support his own head.
Why'd you want to meet me?
I'm worried that the road
from this Edgar situation
is gonna lead back to Hollow Sky.
It nearly killed us.
So, let's agree to stay off that road.
Agreed...
but what Edgar situation?
Hold little man for a second.
Oh! No!
Kids don't like me.
He's gregarious beyond his years.
Oh. Okay.
(BABY COOS)
(BABY WHINES)
(BABY CRIES)
- Here, I'll trade you back.
- Okay.
Yeah, it's alright, it's alright.
Alright, see?
Edgar Abbot.
He's a local guy. Science prodigy.
Published at 15, graduated MIT at 19.
Okay, I still don't understand
what Holden has to do with this.
Edgar's name was on the freezer
we found in the woods.
Holden touched it
and he started seeing things.
Like his nightmares?
I don't know what you all did
in that machine in Hollow Sky,
but whatever you went through,
it's stayed with Holden.
He told you that?
I could see it on his face.
Kinda like I can see it on yours now.
I'm fine.
Here's a nickel's worth of free advice.
Try talking to each other.
Don't.
I'm not kidding.
There's a church with no ceiling.
- You can see stars and galaxies.
- Stop it, stop it!
Stop it! You still have that
Realm expert girlfriend?
What does she say about this?
I haven't told her.
Then why are you bothering me?
Willa said my nightmares
didn't mean anything.
She said I'm overreacting.
She sounds smart.
I messed things up in the Realm.
I... it's not overreacting.
It's taking responsibility.
You're not Catholic, right?
Uh, Presbyterian.
My mother's Jewish.
She has this smothering,
overbearing love for me,
like I'm the center of the universe,
and can basically do no wrong.
Except when I do do wrong,
then the universe implodes,
and it's all my fault.
And according to my mother,
I'm doing it on purpose to hurt her.
Okay? It's a guilt trip.
They can't be reasoned with,
or assuaged, or even fully comprehended.
The Realm is your Jewish mother.
And it's calling out to you.
"Fix it, Holden!"
"You're killing me, Holden!"
"Why can't you be a doctor, Holden?"
This feels semi-racist.
No, the same guilt
applies to Chinese parents,
and Italian grandmas.
That's absolutely racist.
Block it out,
or you'll never move on.
You got a parting gift for
your pain and suffering.
Use your powers,
those ones you're afraid of,
and kiss the Realm goodbye.
What is it?
I've been using my powers in secret.
And I'm pretty good.
Finally something I can support!
See? I'm always right!
(ENGINE KNOCKING)
(ENGINE SLOWS)
- I don't...
- (ENGINE STOPS)
It says there's a full tank of gas.
Gauge busted a couple weeks ago.
Did I forget to mention that?
The gauge is busted.
(WHISPERS) Sorry...
for the record.
- (DIGITAL MUSIC PLAYING)
- (BUTTONS CLACKING)
(GRUNTING IN VIDEO GAME)
Okay, you're really
making me uneasy over there.
Holden will be home when he's home.
He brings you to the woods.
He brings Jeff to the woods.
Honestly, there is no reason
to have woods FOMO.
The digging was tedious
and I have bug bites in places
I really shouldn't have bug bites.
But he trusted you.
Yeah, I kinda just followed him in the
woods when he was sleepwalking.
You know, I was just
trying to reassure him
that what he did worked.
I was just trying to make
him less anxious.
And now you're making me anxious.
I can't play when I'm anxious.
Just sit down.
(SIGHS)
Here.
You ever played before?
Years ago.
Arthur thought video games
exercise the sub-conscious.
And then I beat his Donkey Kong score,
and he reversed course.
Before this gets weird,
I just want to address something.
I'm not exactly solvent right now,
but I will pay you back
in full with interest.
(SCOFFS) Pay me back for what?
The pills. I know it was you.
And I'm like a Lannister.
Minus, like, everything,
but I pay my debts.
And I picked up some more shifts,
and I figure it'll take me six weeks,
then I can get you that two grand.
You don't owe me any money,
because I didn't pay him.
Then how did you get Jay off my ass?
- (BUTTONS CLACKING)
- (VIDEO GAME GRUNTING)
(SCOFFS) Yeah, right.
I did the old "spine rip maneuver"
with Dylan Shaw in the seventh grade.
(SCREAMS)
- (CHARACTER WHOOPS)
- ANNOUNCER: Liu Kang wins.
Have you ever played this game before?
Yeah, but the buttons
on this controller are jammed.
As a matter of fact, I have the
highest score in the arcade.
I do!
- Okay.
- You don't believe me?
- (SCOFFS) Does it matter?
- Yeah, it does!
Okay! I'll take your word for it.
No, you need to see it firsthand.
- What? At the arcade?
- Yeah.
Well, unless you wanna sit around here
and wait for Holden all day.
♪ ♪
CHARLIE: Create friction!
Using your upper body,
regardless of how buff it is,
won't counter the opposing force.
- (HOLDEN GRUNTS)
- Remember, low for leverage!
Yeah, or...
you could've just remembered
to fill up the gas tank
of the truck you stole!
And I didn't steal it, I returned it.
So I-I borrowed it.
Without asking, so stole.
You say "tomato," I say "tomato."
Now I'm hungry for tomatoes.
I'm hungry for tomatoes!
HOLDEN: You're hungry?!
I'm out here pushing
this thing like a mule!
Whoa.
Hey, what... what are you doing?
I made you breakfast, the least you
can do is buy me nachos.
We need to fill up!
You in a big hurry to get rid of me now?
(SIGHS)
(BRAKES SQUEAL)
You sure this place has nachos?
This place has everything.
CHARLIE: Ooh! I'm gonna
get a White Russian!
Have you ever had a White Russian?
Oh, wait!
You were 12, like, two seconds ago.
What's a White Russian?
The layout is all wrong, okay?
Look at this. It's great for,
like, four bites.
Then what? Choking down dry chips
the rest of the way, come on.
Okay, I see where you're going.
You have to layer, like a trifle.
- Okay?
- Like a sub-surface irrigation system.
Or one of those. Sure.
- (CHUCKLES)
- Alright, ready?
- Cheers.
- (BOWLING PINS FALL)
- (CHEERING)
What's wrong? These nachos got
too much kick for you?
No, uh...
it's this place.
(CHEERING)
Yeah, any time there'd
be a birthday party here,
I would fake being sick to avoid it.
I'm not the best bowler.
Too bad. I'm an amazing bowler.
- My mom...
- The Jewish one?
You're learning things left and right
about me today, aren't you?
Everything except why you're here.
Nice try.
Um...
my mom was in a bowling league.
When she was on, she was incredible.
But she's also a degenerate gambler,
so we'd spend hours
and hours in bowling alleys
until she either won enough
to feed us for a few days,
or she lost so much that we'd have
to sneak out the side door.
That doesn't make you
hate the bowling alley?
No. It reminds me of her.
♪ ♪
Excuse me, um,
can I get a lane to bowl?
Sure. Just need your license
and I'll get you all set up.
Alright.
♪ ♪
(MACHINERY WHIRRING)
♪ We've got to get away ♪
Still got it.
See, I cannot do that.
Well, I could give you a few pointers.
Or...
those powers you've been refining?
Might be more effective.
I prefer not doing them in public.
Do you prefer to suck in public?
Fair point.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
I rolled a strike!
You got a strike.
I rolled a strike! (LAUGHING)
ASS? That's what you decided
to best represent your achievement?
It was funny then.
- It still holds up now.
- Does it?
Come on, let's rumble.
Great.
You want me to take it easy on you?
- Mr. ASS?
- No.
Okay, so you're better here.
- I told ya!
- (WILLA LAUGHS)
You seem surprised.
You have your fantasy world, but...
this is mine.
(CHUCKLES) Froze you again.
- ANNOUNCER: Sub-Zero wins.
- (LUKE CHUCKLES)
My controller's broken, obviously.
You just need to find a go-to move.
Mine's the roundhouse kick.
It's... it's pretty basic.
I'll show you.
You just want to, uh...
Left on the joystick,
and high kick at the same time.
And, um...
Yeah. That... that's it.
Got it.
Let's go again.
Yeah!
How did you, uh...
It's nothing.
What, you... you weren't
joking about fighting Jay?
You did that for real.
I didn't ask you to do that.
That's why I did it for you.
I'm gonna grab some more quarters.
Okay.
♪ Roll up in the club,
we're the main attraction ♪
♪ I know I'm looking good,
I like your reaction ♪
(BOWLING PINS CLATTER)
♪ Now you're getting some action ♪
- (HOLDEN CHEERING)
- CHARLIE: There it is!
- Yes!
- There it is!
♪ We shine, we shine,
we shine, we shine ♪
(HOLDEN LAUGHING)
(BOTH LAUGH)
♪ We shine, we shine,
we shine, we shine ♪
Luke, you know what?
You won, so this round's on me.
♪ Where you goin' what you slidin' ♪
♪ Don't ya, don't ya
wanna see the madness ♪
♪ We do what, we do whatever we like ♪
♪ Cause we're the type of girls
that get whatever we like ♪
♪ ♪
(BOWLING PINS CLATTER)
My truck, uh, ran out of gas.
We were just...
Were you looking for me?
- LUKE: Yep.
- And we found you.
I'm Charlie, by the way.
Right, sorry, uh, you guys
all don't know each other.
Luke. Brother.
Willa. Girlfriend.
Great. Good. We are all here.
Here we are.
Uh, well, uh, why don't
you guys join us?
Yeah, I really shouldn't. I, um...
I'm on call for work.
- Are you a doctor?
- (LAUGHS) He's a latte doctor.
I'm a barista.
Assistant manager in training.
CHARLIE: Level with me, would you?
The pour-over method.
Complete BS, right?
The science backs it.
It's the best way
to extract flavor.
Yeah, but, like, five bucks for a
simple cup of joe feels like a scam.
So... what do you say?
Who wants to bowl?
Yeah. It'll be fun.
Hey, I just wanted you
to see my high score.
We're done. Let's go home.
- Why wouldn't we stay?
- Here's nine reasons.
You're mad at Holden. I'm mad at
Holden. He's mad at me.
I'm trying to wrap
my head around the fact
that you beat up a drug dealer.
Oh, and Holden's
hanging out with a girl
who thinks that pour-over coffee
is a global conspiracy.
It'll be fun.
Why do you keep saying "fun"?
You never say "fun."
Let me guess. Size 22.
That's not even close, man, I'm a ten.
It's a joke.
Just having a little fun with you, guy.
See? We're all just having fun.
Yeah.
So, that's Willa.
Feels like I've known her forever.
♪ ♪
(WHISPERS) Hey, little guy.
("MONTY PYTHON" THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC CONTINUES ON TV)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER ON TV)
I bet you'd love some ice cream,
wouldn't you, Edgar?
But you got in trouble
for setting fires.
And you lost your dessert privileges.
Nicky. Leave Edgar alone.
It's so good. (SNICKERING)
But I got chocolate,
cause I know you love chocolate.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello, Coldwater.
(SIZZLING, HISSING)
You... melted it.
ORDERLY: Hello?
Yes. Yes, we are.
Edgar melted my ice cream cone!
(SCOFFS) Sorry for the noise.
Um, as I was saying, Doctor...
Chang. Dr. Francis Chang.
We upped Edgar's medication.
And why wasn't I informed of this?
All due respect, Dr. Chang, but...
your organization doesn't seem that
concerned with Edgar's well-being.
Rest assured, I am concerned.
And I need to see him.
Your standing appointment's
at the end of the month.
Did you want to come in sooner?
Well, clearly, I do, don't I?
And for my notes,
why did you up Edgar's dosage?
He had an episode.
JEFF: What does that mean?
ORDERLY: He just kept shouting
the same name over and over.
"Holden Matthews."
What day did you want to come in?
Tomorrow.
LUKE: So...
you found Cabin Girl.
Charlie.
And she found me.
She kinda climbed
into my bed last night.
- You slept with her?
- What?
No! No, not like that!
Nothing happened!
It was totally platonic.
You need to choose
your words more carefully.
Actually, don't use
any words about it at all.
What words would you use
to describe you being here with Willa?
Present?
As in, "I was there for her
when she needed someone."
(BALL HITS LINE, ROLLS)
(BOWLING PINS RATTLE)
Holden's said a lot of
great things about you.
That's nice.
He didn't mention you at all.
Oh.
We're, like, just friends.
Why would I think any different?
You wouldn't. I'm just saying.
It's my turn.
What are you going to do
with those bedposts, Dr. Latte?
- What?
- The bedposts.
When the seven
and ten pins are left standing.
I'm gonna aim for one
and take the guaranteed pin.
That's dumb.
Statistically, a single pin
means nothing in the grand scheme.
But one is better than zero.
You want a decent score?
Go for broke.
But who hits a seven-ten?
A million bucks says I can.
Willa...
Willa, can...
I didn't know if the freezer
meant anything,
if there was any reason
to burden you with it.
Burden?
Holden, we're supposed
to be in this together.
Yeah, but when you didn't...
No, say it.
My nightmares.
You didn't believe me when I told you.
There was no reason to think
they were related to the Bridge.
Except I believed it!
(INAUDIBLE)
Ah.
You're a car flipper too, aren't you?
Nah, I'm just a sick bowler.
Miss Hayley.
- How you doing?
- Sunny, darling.
But I'm afraid you just
missed the pastor.
It's open-swim hour at the YMCA pool.
I know. I just want to surprise Ian
with a new coat for our trip.
You know he'll never
splurge on one for himself,
so I just need his size.
- There's a few on the coat rack.
- Thank you.
I've never been to the Hot Springs.
Do you know any good places to eat?
Alan and I ate at a
beautiful Italian place.
- Ian loves Italian.
- Mario's or Marino's.
Or is it Manny's?
Would you check online and...
and find out the information for me?
Where's my mind? (CHUCKLES)
- Comin' right up.
- Thank you.
Alan ordered squid ink pasta.
Noodles were as black as night.
- I mean, have you ever...
- I would really love
the name of that place.
Alan ate every last drop.
I wouldn't touch it.
Must've been some sight.
HAYLEY: Of course, he spent the rest
of the night in the WC.
Claimed the two were unrelated!
I mean, married 39 years.
I think I know what puts him
in the WC all night.
Ha! Deyeux Steak House. (LAUGHS)
Miss Hayley, where do you
come up with all these things?
I could book a table for two.
That one's very handsome on him.
Did you want me to book a table?
No, thank you. I got it covered.
Thank you.
Every inch of that house
represents what I love most in life.
It's everything.
And now I can't even imagine
stepping foot inside of it.
Hey.
You couldn't have known.
It's my job to protect my family.
Diane...
these people...
They're twisted on a level
that you and I could never understand.
So now we fix it.
We get rid of them once and for all.
- You and me.
- No.
I shouldn't have gone
over there. I... I just...
I couldn't go away with him.
(SNIFFLES)
(CRYING) I got scared, Tom.
No.
Not you.
Where are you going?
That camera's still on.
He's watching you,
and he's watching Holden.
- Tom!
- And I'm gonna turn it off right now.
We should wait and hear
what Borden has to say first.
I know what she's gonna say,
and it's gonna take days
to get a search warrant.
In the meantime, nothing's gonna change.
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna get you your house back.
That's what I'm gonna do.
(BOWLING PINS CLATTER)
Are you leaving?
We're only in the sixth frame.
Are you happy?
Yes.
Okay, I mean, mostly,
there's just a lot on my mind.
I told you not to worry
about your nightmares
because you said you didn't want that
to be part of our life.
I thought I was helping you!
What? Making me think I was crazy?
You know, I can't win!
You don't want the real me.
You don't want the fake me either.
How is me wanting to have a normal life
a personal affront to you?
I swear, if I have to hear you
say "normal life" one more time.
So you just come here, so you and
Luke can gang up on me?
- What?!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, believe it or not.
Our lives don't revolve
around your every move,
not that you can get past your own
selfishness to realize that.
- Holden is selfish?
- Stay out of this!
- Charlie, you don't have to.
- Are you mad? No, no, no.
You try being dead for 12 years.
Now he's awake,
and everyone's telling him
what he should and shouldn't do,
so long as it's to their benefit?
Give me a break!
All he wants is to feel like he belongs.
I'm sorry. Who are you again?
Someone who didn't
keep Holden against his will.
What's that supposed to mean?
Ask Grandpa.
What do you know about my grandfather?
She doesn't mean anything, okay?
She's just repeating what I told her.
You told her about Arthur?
You never should have said
anything, especially not to her!
She hasn't done anything wrong!
Why are you defending her?
The other night,
when we were together...
it wasn't your first time, was it?
You know, you could've just told me.
That would have been
the normal thing to do!
She was worried you were
cutting her out of your life.
Now I see why.
LUKE: Willa.
I wanted to let it slide,
I wanted to let it slide.
But do you see... do you see
how pathological they are?
We're not human beings to them.
We're... we're test subjects.
You were in the Realm with Arthur.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because I can barely talk about
that used Band-Aid of a man
without admitting that
I wanna see him rot.
You bought a gun... to kill Arthur.
That's why you're here.
I had it pointed at his skull, too.
But in the moment of truth,
I told myself...
I'm a better person than them,
but they don't deserve a better person.
Wait, Charlie!
And cast thine eyes upon paradise.
For it is a warning of...
No, what's a better word for "warning"?
Trumpet?
Sign?
Auspices?
Auspices. Terrific.
For it is the auspices of God,
that we shall heed
so as to be delivered.
- I like that.
- Me too.
- (FOOTSTEPS APPROACH)
- And so we must all
walk on with our...
I need to talk to you.
Why don't we call it a night?
Fresh eyes in the morning?
What can I do you for, Tom?
You're gonna listen.
You don't get to talk.
Diane had me fix some
electrical wiring in the house.
And when I did,
I found a camera hidden away.
I asked my boys about it,
and I asked the neighbor.
The only conclusion that makes sense
was that you were responsible.
Me?
- Well, I'm not sure I understand.
- No, no, no, no.
You don't get to talk.
Now that camera,
any bugs you got in my house,
they get shut down
right now. This second.
Then you and me, we're gonna
go visit Sheriff Dayton.
You're leveling a serious allegation.
Shut up! Damn it!
Show me the camera feed.
Is it here?
Is it in your computer?
(KEYBOARD CLICKING)
Where is it?
Am I allowed to speak now?
I could kill you for this.
"A hasty temper exalts folly."
A hidden camera seems like
an awfully complicated means
to see something that,
well, pardon the boorishness,
I can see in the flesh.
♪ ♪
I want that footage now.
And even if I had
the footage of the things
that happened in your home, Tom,
I truly doubt you'd want to see it.
(GRUNTS)
- (IAN GASPING)
- (BLOW LANDING)
(IAN GROANING)
♪ ♪
It's past close, bud. I got to turn 'em
off, lock up for the night.
One more roll?
♪ That's how it is ♪
Ain't gonna help. Go ahead.
(MACHINERY WHIRRING)
♪ Every time you broke my heart ♪
Hit this one, all is fine.
♪ Try to make you stay ♪
♪ You were driving us apart ♪
(BOWLING PINS CLATTER)
♪ That's how it is ♪
♪ For now it is ♪
♪ Over ♪
(BALL RETURN SQUEAKING)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
♪ ♪
- (GRUNTING)
- (WHIRRING FASTER)
(MACHINERY SQUEALING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
- Who are you?!
- I'm the fire.
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(GASPING)
(GROANS)
(SHOUTS)
(GRUNTING)
(ROARING)
(SHOUTS)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
(PANTING)
♪ ♪
(LOW GROWL)
- Sync and corrections by ByDem -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org